=1 Boring History Bits

Hidden deep in the asteroid, D3-4DM3TZ, the
massive city of Bubli has a population of exactly
one billion and one. This city was created as a
home to protect the people of Earth as they fled
the planet now invaded by a rather deadly form of
lettuce. Why lettuce?  Well, after a couple
hundred years of genetic engineering for the
perfect leaf, the wrong set of genes were flipped
from G to A and this created a plant that grew
like a weed and was generally poisonous to
everyone.

Which was good because no one had to eat salads
again.

I mean, who likes lettuce.

Well, with some ranch dressing.

And some tomatoes.

But still...

*cough*

Back to the asteroid.

All that evil vegetables happened a couple hundred
years ago and now the asteroid is flying through
space without a single salad bar. Bubli is
protected from the ravages of solar winds and
alien invasions by millions of meters worth of
twisting, unmapped tunnels. Only the greatest of
explorers know even a fraction of the deadly
tunnels and only three have actually seen the raw
ravages of space in their lifetime. Of course,
with that many tunnels, they haven't sealed off
the area so you still need spaceships to fly long
distances.

(As a side note, that is 1 Mm where M- means
mega. Not a thousand kilometers, it is one
megameter. Okay? We are pretending to be
scientific. Well, except for the lettuce.)

=1 A Bomb!

In the centuries that passed, there are always
groups of people who disagree with those in
charge. And then, a smaller section of those
people who think that killing everyone is the only
answer. This story is about one of those
people. We don't know their name or who they were
with, but we do know one thing.

They made a bomb.

A huge bomb, actually, nearly the size of a head
of... lettuce. But, its pretty obvious that the
bomb has a blast radius of 1 Mm (hah!). It says so
on the side of the bomb. And, unlike most movie
bombs, there is only a digital readout counting
down the seconds until it explodes. No exposed
wires, no buttons, not even a phoned in threat to
keep it moving at 26.8224 m/s otherwise it would
explode. No, just a little note that cleverly
said:

"Ha, ha!"

Well, that was useless. But, in the brilliant
amount of deduction, it was decided that the best
way to handle the bomb was to get it as far away
from Bubli as possible, to save as many people as
possible from destruction.

This, obviously, calls for the greatest of the
tunnel explorers, Sadie Flightwing. She was one of
the only three people to see space and has the
fastest ship in the entire
Corescant... asteroid. Bet she could do it in less
than a parsec (which is a measurement of distance
and is about 31 Pm or petameters).

Holding the lettuce-size bomb, they race to the
port to beg Sadie to save everyone.

Unfortunately, Sadie already knew about the bomb.

In fact, she may have been the one who set it.

But, more importantly, she was racing to get out
of the blast radius, even if she wasn't the one
who set it.

Which means, Sadie won't be saving you.

Of course, that brings us to you.

You just got your ship.

Yesterday.

You haven't even opened up the manual.

You haven't even taken off the "Thank you for
buying a BubbleShip-branded ship!"

You haven't even gotten to breath in that new
bubble ship smell.

And that is why you are drafted to take the bomb
away.

Because you couldn't flee fast enough.

Congratulations.

You have five minutes.
